Brendon Ng
304-925-492
UCLA CS 32 Lec 2 Dis 2E
Prof. Smallberg

Report - Homework 4

2. The error arises when the insert function calls the == operator on the Coord class.
   We did not define an == operator for the Coord class so the compiler does not know
   how to compare one Coord to another. User defined classes must define all comparison
   operators.

3b. We could not solve the problem recursively with only one parameter because we would
   not have any way of keeping track of the previous parent menu items to print out. For
   example, if we were in the "Window" menu item, there would be no way of keeping track
   of the "File" and "New" menu items that it stems from. The second string parameter is
   essential in keeping track of where the current menu item is in respect to the top of
   the menu tree.

4a. The time complexity is O(N^3)
   The algorithm has three nested loops that each run N times. The outer loop that 
   iterates through rows is ran N times, the next loop in that iterates through columns
   for every row is run N^2 times (N times for every row). And the inner most loop is run
   N^3 times (N for every cell in the matrix (N^2 cells)).

4b. The time complexity is still O(N^3)
   The algorithm cuts back on the number of operations but the time complexity remains at
   O(N^3). The middle loop runs N+(N-1)+(N-2)... times, equating to N(N-1)/2 times. This
   still equates to running N^2 times as we ignore coefficients. So the inner most loop
   basically still runs N^3 times.

5a. The worst case time complexity is O(N^2) because the loop will run a max of N times,
   meaning the insert() function will be run a max of N times. The insert() function has
   a worst case time complexity of O(N) because it calls findFirstAtLeast() which has a 
   worst case time complexity of O(N). Therefore, the worst case time complexity of
   unite() as a whole is O(N^2).

5b. The time complexity is O(N logN). The push_back() function is called 2N times, and the
   doErase and insertBefore O(1) methods are called N times each.  The sort() algorithm is
   O(N logN), making the commands within it the most called commands, so the time
   complexity of this unite() function is O(N logN).

5c. The time complexity is O(N). At its worse case, the insertBefore() function is called
   N times for each loop for a total of 2N times. The insertBefore() function is the most
   called function in this version of unite() so the time complexity is O(N).

 